This folder consists of data file and python implementation of Surrogate and Lime - Model Interpretability methods
Summary:
Steps Followed:

1. Import the necessary packages
2. Read the data.
3. Check for missing values. Impute the missing values for Item_Weight using median and Outlet_Size using mode
4. Feature Engineering - 
   a. Create a new column - Item_Type_Combined from Item_Identifier(extracting the first two letters. Map the corresponding Item - Food, Drinks, Non Consumables.
   b. create a new column - Outlet_Years- denoting number of operating years calculated as 2013 - Outlet_Establishment_Year(since we have the data from 2013)
   c. Item_Fat_Content has different values for the same category for ef - Low Fat - Low Fat, LF, low fat and Regular - Regular, reg. Replace the different values and keep as single value for consistency
5. PreProcessing the data - 
   a. Using Label encoding - perform Label encoding the ordinal values
   b. Using One Hot encoding - encode the remaining categorical values
   c. Drop the Item Type, Item_Identifier, outlet_identifier, Outlet_Establishment_Year columns
6. Separate the Dataset in to Independent and Dependent variables.
7. Create the training and validation set 
8. Train the data using Decision Tree and Random Forest 
9. Global Surrogate - 
   a. Create the black box Random Forest Regressor model
   b. fit the model and save the predictions as new Target
   c. Define the interpretable Decision Tree model
   d. Fit the surrogate Decision tree model on training set and new target
                                                               ------------
   e.find the Feature importance of decision tree model
10. Lime - To generate local interpretations of black box models
    a. Import Explainer function from lime_tabular module of lime library
    b. Train the Linear Regression, DT and RF on the train data
    c. Create the explainer function by passing X_train.values, mode("Regression") and feature_names as X_train.columns
    d. Performing prediction on one of observation
    e. Test the custom explainer function to validate the generated probabilities for the 3 models(LR, DT and RF)     
